c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\GestordeContactos2.exe.config
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\GestordeContactos2.exe
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\GestordeContactos2.pdb
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\GestordeContactos2.xml
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.Main.resources
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.GestorForm.resources
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.Resources.resources
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.exe
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.xml
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.pdb
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\AxShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
c:\users\onrivera\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.FormReporte.resources
C:\Users\onrivera\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GestordeContactos2\GestordeContactos2\obj\Debug\GestordeContactos2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
